Add more recurring scan config info (#3333)
pivotal/docs-tap: scst-scan/recurring-scanning.hbs.md

- `SUCESSFUL-RETENTION`: The number of successful recurring scan executions to keep in Kubernetes.
- `WORKSPACE-SIZE`: The size of the workspace used when scanning images. This is created as a Kubernetes PVC.  This depends mostly on the size of the vulnerability database, the number of images to be scanned, and the output of the vulnerability scanner. `10Gi` is the recommended starting point.
- `RESULTS-REPOSITORY`: The registry URL where results are uploaded. For example, `my.registry/scan-results`.
- `STEPS-FROM-IVS-TEMPLATE`: The steps to execute to scan the list of the container images.  See [IVS samples](ivs-custom-samples.hbs.md) for commonly used samples. To pass `spec.image` and `scanResults.location` to `args`, you can use `{image}` and `{output}` respectively. Please be aware that these interpolation variables differ from the ones currently used in the IVS (`$(params.image)` and `$(params.scan-results-path)`).

> **Note** Special attention should be paid to the scanning runtime, the scan frequency and the configured deadline.

> Setting `RAN-INTERVAL` and `CREATED-INTERVAL` to a large number of days increases the scanning runtime. If the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Setting `RAN-INTERVAL` and `CREATED-INTERVAL` to a large number of days can increase the number of images scanned, and in turn, the scanning runtime. If the
```
